hi Kevin coppers rah all right Kevin
coppers when do you come over to Holland
again probably make some will be when
I'm going to see our European colleagues
to do some filming over there so that'd
be next Christopher John Jeffries well
who Liverpool win the Premier League if
I knew the answer to that I'd probably
be running the club got those probably
at least another 10 to 15 years I reckon
and that's if we're lucky they'll be
singing 40 years 40 years but that's not
like me singing exactly that long Andrew
in Finlay our crayfish a problem in car
plates does it stop him from feeding no
definitely no it's a natural food carp
love eating them and if anything
sometimes it makes it little bit
difficult for us to fish those Lakes you
have to adjust your presentation maybe
use bits of plastic Tom dogs behind the
camera trying to laugh yeah just some
odds and sods really like that but no
car carpet love crayfish and definitely
helps them gain weight in lakes with
them in I think the road Lakes
got something a few of them but they
definitely it's a benefit Jonny beador
what is your favorite little meal for
one now Jonny but a fair bit of banter
on Facebook I like to fire with some
absolute crap from you do something
about it to be fair but it's nice that
we found a bit of a common ground now
with the little meal banter and bang as
a match has that right Richard
Reggie self right interesting name
Richard Reggie self where do you stand
on the otter problem and do you think
enough is enough and the government
should be doing something to counter the
problem as I'm a member of a syndicate
which suffers from auto fish kills and
yeah is a problem I think it's at my
hands at the moment a little bit
we can only Lobby to work against it and
it's obviously not good for fishing or
car fishing or any form of fishing
they're decimated lovely rivers like the
weather and stuff like that
so yeah I do hope something is done and
it's moderated and managed and at the
moment it seems to be one extreme to the
other so we need to
the middle grounds make that work Dean
Stewart
what sort of bait and bait pattern to
use in the winter and what sort of faith
do you use I presume what's or favorite
baits do I use winds for fishing is
generally higher tracked fishing like
little bags but the biggest thing I'll
say to everyone when you're winter
fishing is making sure you're in the
right spot because it's all about
location they can be balled up you can
be a few inches or a few feet away from
fishing catch nothing so you need to
make sure that rig's in the right spot
and then a nice higher tracked hook by
one of the mainline pop ups with a
little bag of crumb and chops and some
ground that pop up so the bags working
away and a bit of goo on the bag bang
your way or some of the new core the
fake food again full of attraction nice
bit of color just the catcher carp sigh
those citrus ones should be brilliant
for the winter
Charles sword why do you hardly ever a
hunts of my questions on here Charles
that's not very nice is it I try to
answer everybody's questions I'm not
quite sure what page you're thrown to
but this is the whole reason we've
actually set this video sort of an
stream format up because a gives me a
chance to answer everybody's questions
in one go so and they go this is the
first answer to one of your questions
but I don't remember especially with the
name like Charles sword ever seen the
question but very nice they mate so keep
the questions coming